So now, let's do a quick lecture
on CloudFormation Stack policies.
So, when you have a CloudFormation Stack update, by default,
any action is going to be allowed on all resources
so you can change your stack as you wish,
but sometimes, you may want to protect your stack
against updates, or part of your stack against updates.
This is where Stack policies come in.
Stack policies are JSON documents,
and they define what update actions are allowed
on specific resources during Stack updates.
So here, we have an example where the first statement
is saying "Allow update*" on everything,
meaning that everything in your CloudFormation Stack
can be updated, and the second part is saying "Deny update*"
on Resource Production Database.
That means that whatever is named "Production Database"
in your CloudFormation Stack is going to be protected
against any kind of updates,
so by default, and your production database is fine.
So, the goal of Stack policies is really
to protect resources against unintentional updates
and when you set a Stack policy by default,
all the resources are protected,
and so what you need is to have an explicit "allow"
for the resources that you want to be allowed to be updated.
So, that's it.
You should know enough to answer maybe one question
on the exam on this.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.